I love her execution.
Mason, you should totally ask her to play at her wedding.
Are you okay, babe?
I'm fine, I...
Sophia, don't you think that's a little much for the wedding?
I think it's a brilliant idea.
You should invite her over to the table for dessert.
Talk about it then.
I'm sure the violinist could play something a little more...
personal and romantic for your wedding.
I'm gonna go ask her.
Do you know her?
Save it, Mason.
I know you two used to date.
If you're keeping my sister in the dark for her happiness,
I'll stay quiet.
As long as you stay away from Chloe.
I mean, we used to date, but did she tell you all this?
No.
We met the other night in a pub.
Had a great time.
Your name was barely mentioned.
Everyone, this is Chloe Gray.
Chloe, this is my brother Ethan and my fiance.
Mason.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Monster.
It's nice to meet you.